[Autogenerated] in this little look at getting started with Windows 10.
Welcome to this Siri's.
We're really excited to go through the ins and outs of Windows 10 and share with
you some of the tips and features that have made Windows 10 great when Windows
San was first released in July of 2015 Microsoft.
A lot of people upgrade from Windows seven or Windows
eight for free since its release,
when those 10 has been available for a wide variety of advices.
And the objective has been to bring a consistent experience to users
regardless of the device they happen to be using,
with hundreds of millions of devices out there running Windows 10 it's
practical for us to get familiar with this operating system.
But they were using at home or work or pulse.
Microsoft has established a rhythm of releasing large feature
updates about twice a year for Windows 10.
These feature updates are intended to introduce new
features and abilities to win US 10.
That same pattern will continue as Microsoft responds to user
feedback and addresses evolving hardware and use each scenarios
when just hand currently could be purchased in lice and with a
variety of additions available,
most people will either be running home or professional versions of Windows 10.
However, there are variations,
including enterprise education and I ot that use the same core features
with added or a decreased sets of features that better fit the way the
device is being used in different settings.
And the Serie Zabel principally be using Windows 10 professional.
And there are too many differences between home and professional
versions where there are important differences.
I don't try to make that clear as we go along.
Because Windows 10 was designed to be used in such a wide variety of devices,
you'll see large devices like the surface hub and small
devices like tablets running Windows.
10 new types of devices,
like how lends or the Xbox gaming system are also able to run
Windows 10 despite their unique hardware profiles.
While Windows 10 can run on,
all of these vice types in this course will really be focused on just habits,
laptops and desktop computers that are running Windows 10.
We'll start considering essential tips and features that could be
especially useful for new users and will progressively consider more
advanced topics are aimed at more experience users.
Along the way,
we'll examine not just the operating system but also the many
core traps that are included with Windows 10.
To help you tackle your daily tasks and have fun,
I invite you to jump back and forth in this course you clips that
address immediate needs or questions you have,
but then go back and watch others that may help you
experience to be more productive and enjoyable.
So whether you knew the Windows are longtime user,
we're sure you'll find lots of useful information in this series of clips.
I want just 10 in this clip.
We've looked at getting started with Windows 10. Thanks for watching and have a war to see New in the next clip.